[exporter/azuredataexplorer] Status Attributes added to exported traces (#26682)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/azuredataexplorerexporter/README.md

| SpanId                    | A valid span identifier is an 8-byte array with at least one non-zero byte.                      |
| ParentId                    | A parent spanId, for the current span                                                          |
| SpanName                    | The span name                                                                                  |
| SpanStatus             | [Status Code](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/api.md#set-status) of the Span. |

> | SpanStatusAttributes             | [Status](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/api.md#set-status) of the Span that includes the Code and Message as a dynamic field |

Author: ```suggestion
| SpanStatusMessage             | [Status Message](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/trace/api.md#set-status) of the Span |
```
